well it's just gone 0600 GMT that's 8:00
a.m. in Gaza where Palestinian
casualties are soaring by the hour
gaza's Health Minister says at least 165
Palestinians have been killed since
Friday well that's brought the death
toll to almost
25,000 in just over three months of
Israel's war on the Strip the Israeli
military pounded Gaza overnight and into
the early morning on Sunday Palestinian
armed groups are also confronting the
Israeli military in Khan Yunis and in
Rafa and Israeli strike hit a car
killing at least three people two others
were injured more than a million
displaced people are Sheltering in the
area after Israel told Palestinians it
was safe from the attacks let's speak to
hany Mahmud he joins us live now from
Rafa in southern Gaza hany so what more
can you tell us then about Israel's
ongoing ground operations and of course
all the people caught up in the
fighting yes good morning there and will
it seems like an intense bombing
campaign continues across the Gaza trip
resulting in further civilian casualties
displacement and destruction across the
territories just at early hours of last
night here in rafah city and an area
where 1.9 million displaced Palestinians
are Sheltering in a car was targeted on
one of the main roads in a very busy
area very close to a popular uh Market
where three people who were in the car
were killed and uh those who were
passing by on the side walks were
critically injured and rushed right away
to Nar hospital but in Han Unice
overnight a bombing campaigns by by air
land and SE continued in Eastern kanun
and the southern part of kanun and M
concentrated within the vicinity of
Naser hospital and the surrounding area
as Israeli tanks and armored vehicle
kept pushing deeper and very close to
the main road leading to the gate of the
hospital resulting in a vast majority uh
destruction of the areas including in
infrastructure that were either
completely destroyed or severely damaged
the reports about many critically
injured Palestinians in the area
residents of bamin and the vicinity of
Naser hospital as they were fleeing
their homes from the falling uh bombs
there number of people reported killed
as well in this these attacks had
continue till early hours of this
morning but in Gaza and the northern
part just the intensity in scale and
magnitude of the attacks by by air and
by land just a horrifying reminder of of
the residence of Gaza nor part that the
war just started all over again just
very intense bombing campaign targeting
jabalia west of Gaza and the shed
refugee camp where more residential
homes been targeted and destroyed people
are uh injured in those attacks are
reported to a shifa hospital but the the
tragedy of these events that the shifa
hospital is nonfunctional hospital so
those who are reported to the hospital
are risking losing their lives as there
are no medical supplies and there is no
medical staff available to do the uh
necessary intervention to save their
lives in eastern part of Gaza City again
renewed intense bombing by air and buy
land targeting sh as well as a zun
neighborhoods where reports about more
residential homes being targeted and
it's just important to remind our viewer
there are more people who are still in
the northern part on Gaza simply because
they could not find a safeer place to go
to they decided to remain in their homes
and sheltered in their homes as many of
their relatives many of their loved ones
and family members who evacuated South
they were killed in the southern part of
Gaza within the past uh few weeks just
confirming that there is no place safe
in the entire Gaza Strip all right Han
Mahmud live for us there in Rafa in
southern Gaza honey thank you